# INF124-P2
This is the repository for INF124 project two, a simple shopping web for chocolate, using php to connect database

In our group, there are three group members : Zhaomin Li, Sunjun Ahn, and Siyun Ji.

Running on `http://centaurus-17.ics.uci.edu:1027`   Revised password: dama



Requirement we met:
1. For the first requirement, we stored the information of items such as descriptions, item name, and link to the item images in to the phpMyadmin. (we created Table named "chocolate" to store this information). Then all of information on the website we can see is generated by SQL querying. In file `shop.php`, we use php code to dynamically read the data from database and format them on the displaying page.


2. In `item.php` ( --form class named "form") , we added the method "post" and set the action of form to redirect to the `confirm.php`. So, when get the users inputs, we would post this information to `confirm.php`. In `dbconnect.php` we connected to the phpMyadmin database. Then in `confirm.php`, we require `dbconnect.php` to get the connetion and inserted the information we got from users into the database. Before inserting these data, we check the vality of these data including the length and type of them in `item.js`. In the database, we created the table named CustInfo to store users' purchase information. We set 13 attributes such as users' firstname, email or address. Then we used php code "$sql = "INSERT INTO(...)VALUES(...)" to insert the users input into the database.


3. In `confirm.php`, we created new confirmation page with html(which is connected to `Info.css`). In the html, we used php code to 'echo' the users purchase information from the POST request body. We connect to the database using the connection swt up in `dbconnect.php`. After querying database, we are able to show the item information in the confirmation page, and we dynamically display the user information in the confirmation page.


4. In `item.js`, we have two implementations of AJAX. The first implementation is in `script/php/zip.php`. When user types in zip code, the item.js sends the request to `zip.php`. Inside php, it gets all the zip, city and state information from csv file. The javascript gets the city and state corresponding to the zip code and auto-complete the form for user. For example, when users type "10001", the input area of state and city will become NewYork and NY. The Seconed implementation is in `script/php/tax.php`. When user types in zip code, the `item.js` sends the request to `tax.php` which has all the tax ratio mapping to the zip code. The javascript gets the tax ratio and display it on the item page and add it onto the total price.

5. As the result, clinet will reach to the confirmation page with displaying all the information that the client provided with its total amount.
 
 --Explanation for other file: 
`dbconfig.php`: It stores the names of database, host, username and password. 
`home.php`: show the home page with information we get from database.
`home.css`: css file connected to `home.php`
`shop.php`: show the shopping page with information we get from database.
`shop.css`: css file connected to `shop.php`



